= DESCRIPTION:

Provides a recipe (aker::central) that sets up Aker central configuration files.

= REQUIREMENTS:

= ATTRIBUTES:

* `aker[:central][:path]`: Path to the generated configuration file.  Defaults
  to `/etc/nubic/bcsec-prod.yml`.
* `aker[:central][:group]`: The group for the central configuration file.
  Defaults to the node's value of `application_users[:group]`, or "app" if that
  isn't defined.
* `aker[:central][:cas][:base_url]`: The base URL of the CAS server.  Defaults to
  the node's value of `cas[:base_url]`.
* `aker[:central][:cas][:proxy_retrieval_url]`: The URL of the proxy ticket
  retrieval app for CAS.  Defaults to the node's value of
  `cas[:proxy_retrieval_url]`.
* `aker[:central][:cas][:proxy_callback_url]`: The URL of the proxy ticket
  callback app for CAS.  Defaults to the node's value of
  `cas[:proxy_callback_url]`.
* `aker[:central][:pers][:group]`: The bcdatabase group containing Pers
  configuration.  Defaults to the node's value of `pers[:bcdatabase][:group]`.
* `aker[:central][:pers][:entry]`: The entry in the bcdatabase group containing
  Pers configuration.  Defaults to the node's value of
  `pers[:bcdatabase][:entry]`.

== NetID authority configuration

NUBIC developers have access to a NetID Aker authority, which uses
Northwestern's single-sign-on infrastructure for authentication.  To configure
the NetID authority, you will have to provide a couple of additional attributes:

* `aker[:central][:netid][:user]`: The DN of the user accessing the NetID directory.
* `aker[:central][:netid][:password]`: Password for that user.

Neither of the NetID attributes have a default.

= USAGE:

Include the recipe in your run list and go.

The bcdatabase configuration for Pers needs to be supplied manually.
