= DESCRIPTION:

Sets up a bcdatabase configuration skeleton.  Also manages bcdatabase
configuration.

The default recipe:

1. Installs bcdatabase using the system's Ruby installation.
2. Creates `/etc/nubic/db` and `/var/lib/nubic`.
3. Checks for `/var/lib/nubic/db.pass`.  If it does not exist, then executes
   `bcdatabase gen-key` and stores the result in `/var/lib/nubic/db.pass`.
4. Creates or updates defaults for each configured bcdatabase configuration
   group.

It does _not_ generate passwords for applications.

The bcdatabase key file is set chown root:(app_group), chmod 0440.  bcdatabase
configuration files are set similarly.

This cookbook also provides a `config` LWRP for manipulating bcdatabase groups.
A usage example:


    bcdatabase_config "nubic_cas" do
      action :create
      group "local_postgresql"
      username "nubic_cas"
      password secure_password
    end


(NB: Opscode's `openssl` cookbook provides a `secure_password` method that uses
`OpenSSL::Random#random_bytes` from OpenSSL's Ruby binding to generate
20-character long passwords.)

The create action of the LWRP does the following:

1. Checks if the group exists.  If it doesn't, the group is created.
2. Checks if the configuration exists in the given group.  If it doesn't, the
   configuration is appended.

= REQUIREMENTS:

* RHEL 6.1.
* A (non-RVM) Ruby installation.  (If you're running Chef, though, you probably
  already have this...)

= ATTRIBUTES:

* `bcdatabase[:app_group]`: The application user group.  This group will be
  granted read access to the bcdatabase configuration files and key.  Defaults
  to `application_users[:group]` if that attribute is defined; otherwise,
  defaults to `app`.
* `bcdatabase[:group_mode]`: The mode on group files.  Defaults to "0640", i.e.
  read-write owner and read-only group.
* `bcdatabase[:groups]`: A hash mapping group names to defaults, which are
  bcdatabase configuration hashes.  Defaults to {}.  An example:

      {
          "bcdatabase": {
              "groups": {
                  "pstage": {
                      "adapter": "postgresql",
                      "host": "pstage2.nubic.northwestern.edu",
                      "port": 5432
                  }
              }
          }
      }

  The above would generate an `/etc/nubic/db/pstage.yml` file containing

      defaults:
        adapter: postgresql
        host: pstage2.nubic.northwestern.edu
        port: 5432

* `bcdatabase[:version]`: Specifies the version of bcdatabase to install;
  defaults to ">= 0".  Any valid RubyGems version spec string can be used in
  this attribute.

= USAGE:

Include the recipe in your node's run list, set attributes, run it.
