= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and trusts SSL certificates required to perform server-side validation
of NUBIC's *.nubic.northwestern.edu SSL certificate.

This cookbook also includes a `development` LWRP which installs a certificate
for *.local to a specified location.  It does not set up any trust.

Example usage:

    # Installs:
    #
    # /etc/httpd/ssl/cas.crt apache:apache 0444
    # /etc/httpd/ssl/cas.key apache:apache 0400
    ssl_certificates_development "/etc/httpd/ssl" do
      action :install
      basename "cas"
      owner "apache"
      group "apache"
    end

== On trust

When we write "trust", we mean "sets up trusted certificate links for the
`openssl` utility".  However, not all applications use that verification code.
For example:

* cURL accepts either a path to a certificate file or path of certificates,
  with the former the default on CentOS.
* The Java class libraries use their own trust stores, which can be configured
  on a per-application basis.

As it is not possible for this recipe to predict all the ways in which
certificates may be marked as trusted, we pick one of them and let other
mechanisms be handled by other cookbooks.  The OpenSSL mechanism is not the
most useful by a long shot; we may replace it with something else if that
alternate mechanism marks a certificate as trusted for a greater number of
applications.

= REQUIREMENTS:

Known to work on RHEL 6.1.

It's recommended that you use `zeroconf` in conjunction with the `development`
LWRP.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* `ssl_certificates[:ca_path]`: Where trusted certificates are stored.
  Defaults to /etc/pki/tls/certs.

= USAGE:

Include the default recipe in your run list.
