= DESCRIPTION:

Sets up application users on application servers.

An application user is a user account that is intended to be used for running
an application.

= REQUIREMENTS:

Should work with pretty much any UNIX-like out there, but developed for and
tested on RHEL 6.1.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* `application_users[:users]`: A map of user data objects.  Here's an example:

    {
        "sample": {                       # username
            "authorized_keys": [          # entries for ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
                "dwy870-sample-staging"   # references a databag; see below
            ]
        },
        "sample-admin": {
            "authorized_keys": [
                "dwy870-sample-admin"
            ],
            "groups": [                   # additional groups for the user
                "rvm"
            ]
        }
    }

    Defaults to `{}`.

* `application_users[:group]`: The application user group; will be created if it
   doesn't exist.  Existing members of the group will be replaced with the users
   in `application_users[:users]`.  Defaults to `app`.
   All users in `application_users[:users]` will be in the application user
   group even if they also belong to other groups.
* `application_users[:ssh_key_databag]`: The name of a databag that contains SSH
   public keys.  Defaults to `ssh_public_keys`.
* `application_users[:shell]`: Default shell for application users.  Defaults to
  `/bin/sh`.

= USAGE:

Include the default recipe in this cookbook into a role or your node's run list.
Fill out `application_users[:users]` on the node or in the role.
